This is a perfect chance to debut
your new look!
Huh?
What? It's you?
You gonna talk
all day, old man?
[gasping] No way.
Hey! How come I'm
stuck in the sidecar?
I think it suits
you well.
Yeah, dream on.
[Barnaby] Take it up with our sponsor.
You passed it, turn around!
Where ya going? You blind?!
[screaming]
Evacuate the area!
Everybody, please, just
keep calm! This way!
I'll handle this area,
you all go on ahead!
So what are we gonna do?
Sit here and watch?
I'm still studying
the area.
We don't want to just
rush in at the same time.
We've gotta time our
entrance for maximum effect.
[scoffs] What a clown.
Excuse me?
That's a brilliant idea! Why don't we wait
'til the whole city's destroyed?!
A real hero doesn't
time his entrance--
[Agnes] Okay, it's showtime!
We are ready to go live,
everyone, so good luck.
In three! Two...!
Okay, time to move.
You sure? Don't wanna
touch up your makeup or--
Sorry.
Hey-- What the--?
[announcer] And look who's just arrived!
Now, we can really get this party started!
My ice is a little cold, but your crime
has been completely put on hold!
[announcer] It's Blue Rose, that
crime-fighting hottie!
Hold on to your hats!
It's not just her body that's naughty!
Yes! I made it
into the shot!
This is ridiculous.
That's not how-- huh?!
Hey! I thought
we were a team!
I'll show you how to
bring this thing down!
Yeah? Good
luck with that.
I'm gonna have to drop
a line on this little guy!
Huh? What's wrong with the damn thing?
[grunting]
Whoa!
See? Watch and learn, kid.
Hey, where'd he go?!
[announcer] Is that who I think it is?
Yes! It's our newest fan favorite,
Barnaby Brooks Jr.!
Heh.
Heh. Man, I hate that.
Okay, big guy! You're goin' down!
What the hell--?
Gotcha!
Huh?
[screaming]
Great plan, worked
out real well!
Well, maybe if you
hadn't gotten in the way--!
Just undo this thing
and let's get moving.
Well, maybe--
Now!
Uhhh, look up there.
Huh?
Oh, great.
[screaming]
I'm tellin' ya,
I can't work with this guy.
Well, I must admit, your debut as a team
was hardly a rousing success.
In fact, I thought we'd
seen the last of you.
Uh...
It was just lucky for you
that thing ran out of gas.
[announcer] It's a mystery why the
rampaging statue suddenly stopped,
or why, hours later, it
remains frozen in position.
So do we have any idea
who's behind it or what they want?
Forget that, you've got
bigger problems.
Huh?
You don't seem to understand the situation
you're in. You are yesterday's news.
Hey--!
Listen, this offer to be Barnaby's
sidekick is your last chance
to remain relevant at all.
What?!
That's right. Sidekick. Backup.
Second banana. And you're lucky to get it.
Sidekick to that showboat?!
That guy's a costumed clown--!
Speaking of costumes,
you've got some explaining to do.
Hm?
[whispering]
What's that?
Uh, suit, huh?!
[whispering]
Uh-huh, okay.
Well, it was
my first time.
[Saito whispering]
Hey, come on, that suit
isn't that bad.
[whispering]
Uh...
Hee.
[groaning]
Hey! Whoa! Whoa!
All right, that's enough! I get it!
I get it!
Okay, okay, you proved
your point.
Heh-heh.
Heh, what a weird
little guy.
[whispering]
Yeah?
You mean this?
[whispering]
[woman] The current time is 3:28 p.m.
Is that the time?!
Oh, man, I gotta go! I gotta go!
[whispering]
I swear I'm on my way, I'm just
running a little late, that's all!
[Kaede] You said you'd be here at 3:00.
I know, honey, sorry.
[Kaede] Are you even coming?
[Kotetsu] What? Of course I am!
Yeah? When are you
gonna be here?
[Kotetsu] Uh, well, um...
Don't worry, Kaede, I'll be there.
When do you actually go on?
You're not coming,
are you?
[Kaede] I am coming!
When's it start?!
Four?
Okay! Plenty of time.
Hang on a second, honey.
[announcer] Calling Tiger and Barnaby.
It's Showtime!
The statue has started moving again.
We need you suited up
and on the scene right now!
Uh, Kaede...?
[Kaede] Dad, you'll never
guess who's here!
Hm?
The reigning junior
champion, Isaac!
[Kotetsu] No kidding.
He's like the best in the whole world.
It's so cool!
I've always wanted to
meet him in person
and now he's gonna be here
in the competition!
Hey, that's great,
honey--
[panting]
Huh?
Oh, how long have
you been waiting here?
Just three and a half minutes of my life
that I'm never going to get back.
But hey, don't
worry about it.
Oh, boy. How'd I
get stuck with you?
[screaming]
Hang on...
Huh?
Uh!
What're you doing?
What do you think?
Just wait a minute--
That thing's got a
little kid--!
Or maybe it's the other
way around.
What are you--? Get outta
my way!
Look, maybe it's not the kid
that needs saving.
You see where I'm going
with this?
No!
What if he's the NEXT
controlling the statue?
Well, he's still
in danger!
Maybe the kid's a NEXT
with telekinetic powers!
Well, while you're thinkin'
about it, I'm goin' in!
I wouldn't be so hasty.
Remember what happened last time.
Hey, that was
an accident.
You know? I'm beginning
to seriously question your judgement.
I never liked
this idea.
If the sponsors weren't insisting on it,
I'd quit this team right now.
That makes two of us.
Uh-oh...
[screaming]
Don't move or
you're all dead!
[panicking]
Don't hurt us!
You!
Drop the gun.
Why, it's Mr. Legend.
[screaming]
[grunting]
Oh, wow!
Huh!
[groaning]
[panicking]
One more move and
the kid gets it!
Huh?
[screaming]
What the hell's wrong
with this kid?!
What do you know.
Keep away.
Huh?
You don't want to come anywhere near me
when I start to glow like this.
And why's that?
Because... I hurt people.
You've got it wrong.
With those powers of yours,
you can save people.
After all, you saved me.
That makes you a hero, too.
[giggling]
Have a nice nap,
old man?
Funny. You gonna tell
me what happened?
The statue grabbed us,
and then he stopped again.
And you're just sittin'
here? Why don't you escape?
Well, I can't!
Huh?
Without using my power, I mean.
Then use it, you idiot!
What're you waiting for?!
We've only got five minutes.
I want to save it 'til I really need it.
Unbelievable. Well, suit yourself,
little bunny, I'm out of here!
Whoa, whoa, hold it!
What?!
What did you call me?
Did you just call me Bunny?!
Yeah, why not? You've got
those long, pink ears
and you're always hoppin' around.
You're just like a
cute little bunny--
I am not a bunny!
My name is Barnaby!
I am not a bunny,
I'm a Barnaby!
I don't talk like that!
I don't talk
like that!
-[Agnes] Heads up, you two.
-Huh?
We've got another statue going
on a rampage.
[Agnes] There's a giant stone lion headed
toward the New Morghen district.
[Kotetsu] What?! That's where
the ice rink is!
[grunting]
You mind getting me out, too?
Huh?
Well. I mean. You're all powered-up
and everything...
You're right, I am.
[phone ringing]
[laughing]
Come on, Isaac,
we've gotta get ready.
[woman announcer] All participants, please
assemble backstage now.
Daddy's coming,
Kaede!
Gotcha!
[Agnes] Tiger, you read me?
Yeah!
-[Agnes] You can't use your wire guns!
-What?
The statue's a historic cultural artifact.
The Government doesn't want it damaged.
Well tell them too bad! Saving the lives
of innocent people comes first!
[Agnes] You break it, you buy it!
Meaning?
The statue's a national treasure.
You have any idea how much it's worth?
Oh, Got it.
Hey! Kid!
Come on down from there.
Stay away!
[roaring]
Wait--!
Huh?
Oh, no!
[grunting]
[screaming]
[roaring]
[panicking]
Oh, no.
I can't stop it!
[grunting]
This way, folks!
Kaede--!
No!
Kaede...
Thank you so much, mister.
[gasping]
Huh?!
Now you get
on out of here.
I sure will.
Hey, um...
thanks.
Thanks for what?
I didn't save your life, did I?
No, but--
Help me! Help!
[screaming]
Stay out of my way.
Why are you
doing this, kid?!
He knows why!
He and the others!
What do you mean?
My whole life they've hated me and
treated me like I was some kind of freak!
No, not your whole life, just since
you started to make things move!
Normal kids can't do what you do.
I mean, it freaks us out.
We don't hate you,
we're scared of you!
I didn't ask to be given
these powers! It's not my fault!
We don't want you
around! Just go away!
You're going away.
[roaring]
Slow down, kid. I know
just how you feel.
No, you don't!
I do... because it happened to me, too.
I was about your age when
I found out I was a NEXT.
Huh?
My friends turned on me,
called me a freak...
I hated them for that.
Most of all,
I hated my powers.
Then a hero called
Mr. Legend came along
and told me something
that changed my life.
With those powers of yours,
you can save people.
My powers can't.
Why not?
Because they're not like a real hero's
powers, all I can do is make stuff move.
Trust me, one day you will
find the right use for them.
I promise.
You mean it?
You could be
one of the best.
Really?!
Sure. Now come on down
and let's have the police
call your parents.
What are you doing?
If we don't arrest him,
we don't score any points.
Oh, shut up!
Will ya?!
Okay, kid, you wanna be a hero,
this is the first step. What do ya say?
You gonna come down?
It's gonna be
okay, Tony.
Mm!
Are you okay?
Watch out!
The building's collapsing!
I'm on it!
Let's go!
[screams]
Help me! Somebody!
I got it.
Save your power.
Damn! We're losin' it!
Glad to see you, buddy!
Thanks and thanks again!
Uh-oh...
What's wrong, Tiger?
I'm outta time.
Huh?
Power's about to run out!
Well, we gotta do something!
Hey, Tony!
We can't hold it, it's gonna fall!
[screaming]
We need your help, Tony!
We need you now!
I can't--
You can do it! I know you can!
I'm down to five seconds!...
Four... three... two!
[grunting]
[gasping]
[giggling]
[cheering]
Unless I'm mistaken,
you just saved the day, Tony.
Do you know what that means?
Means you're a hero.
I'm a hero?
[siren wailing]
Hey, Tony!
You were awesome back there.
Oh!
[chuckling]
Come on, you have
plenty of power left.
Huh? Whoa, well, what
do you know about that?
The guy's a loose cannon,
I don't think this team
thing is gonna work.
On the contrary,
it's working perfectly.
Yes, but I--
The two of you have captured
people's attention.
Viewership is up whenever you're on.
Now's your chance to
sell yourself.
There's a reason you revealed
your true identity to the public.
You're not going to let all your
careful preparations go to waste,
are you, my boy?
No, sir.
[Kotetsu] I'm just glad you're all right.
[Kaede] I'm fine, but it was so scary!
I'm sorry, honey.
I should've been there to protect you.
That's what a dad's for, right?
[Kaede] Oh, I had plenty of
protection, Dad.
Huh?
[Kaede] This guy Barnaby saved me.
He's one of those Heroes, you know?
Oh, and you should see him,
he's so cool and really cute!
He's my new favorite hero on the show!
[groaning]